add_alan (#32)
lamalab-org/lamalab.github.io: content/team/alan.md

---
title: "alan joshy "
role: "student assistant"
image: "team/alan.jpg"

> bio: " pursuing masters in chemistry of materials at fsu jena. exploring different facets of chemistry. currently working on data extraction for llm. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bio: " pursuing masters in chemistry of materials at fsu jena. exploring different facets of chemistry. currently working on data extraction for foundation models. "
```

the Chemotion data is not for LLMs (at least not now),  I would just rephrase as "data extraction for foundation models"
